hello my name is scimitar and I'm
encouraging you to watch make some dance
out
hey guys I'm pixel din and this is a
review of the Masters of the Universe
Classics lund or the spoiler he yep
that big bunny from Filmation episode
quest for a man comes to the classics
line in action figure form for the very
first time an odd character for sure but
let's take a look at him plunder comes
in the standard Masters of the Universe
Classics blister card packaging the back
shows off a selection of other
characters from the classics line and
even gives us a brand new bio for
plunder alright alright I know this is
one of the goofiest characters to get a
figure in this lineup but I've always
been a fan of getting the random and
obscure characters in this line I don't
know maybe you can blame it on my also
being a collector of Star Wars figures
for so long but as goofy as this
purplish pink bunny is I have to point
out how great the sculpt is on this
figure I love the head sculpt here it's
a perfect representation of the
character from the cartoon series but
it's even given more details such as all
the fur that's beautifully sculpted in
he utilizes the furry body and sports
some new red armor on his shoulders and
matching red gloves and boots with a
great amount of shading a nice clean
paint job in beautiful sculpt plum door
is wonderfully odd
alright guys let's go ahead and take a
closer look
that's the amazingly awesome pull end or
the spoiler for the most part very basic
figure there's nothing real interesting
or new going on with this guy as far as
the articulation or extra accessories
all that good stuff goes he's the basic
male buck you can see he's using the
furry body there and all the
articulation is exactly what we've come
to expect so the head is ball jointed
there you could turn it left right up
down rock it all around got the ball
joints of the shoulders there the armour
doesn't hinder the movement whatsoever
so great range of motion swivel at the
bicep standard join at the elbow swivels
at the wrist
you got torso cut articulation you can
see that the armor piece that he's
working on the front is soft and
flexible it's a very very gummy armor
but you know it doesn't hinder the
movement of his torso at all you got
swivel at the waist there you got a good
range of motion at the thighs there you
can see he's kind of wearing like the
briefs basically but they are flapped
but they're flexible so that way you can
get them in some good sitting poses
works very well on this particular
figure here you got swivels at the
thighs standard joints at the knee
swivel at the boot cut there and then
you got the standard ankle joints and as
you can see there the newer style so
there's no pin showing and you can see
that the joints are actually very very
tight on these ankles so got the nice
light kind of ratchet joints there it's
clicking so you shouldn't have any
problems keeping this guy standing on
his feet now of course he's got the
removable head just like all the other
figures so if you want to give any of
your other masters a pink bunny head you
can do that and then of course that
armor can just be popped right off of
the buck there slides right over the
neck and there you go guys there is
plumbed or the spoiler
plunder includes two accessories first
up he comes with a repainted webstore
gun he didn't really have a signature
weapon in the cartoon series but this
webstore blaster works very nicely it
features a new black and silver paint
deco and could be held in either one of
his hands or even two handed now his
second accessory is not actually meant
for him but for another figure straight
from the Filmation episode diamond ray
of disappearance comes skeletor's battle
axe with the crystal orb on top it's
done in a more blue color just as it was
in the cartoon and features a clear orb
for blasting those good guys this is one
of those accessories that I have always
wanted for my Skeletor so I'm very happy
to get this as an added bonus with
plunder alright guys
it's comparison time alright so that's
just do soggy Oh Jimbo from Ninja
Turtles and Captain Bucky O'Hare
but plunderer does help build up the
quota of cool bunny figures in your
collection now we just need Hasbro to
give us a Jackson in the star wars black
series and we'll be all set so there you
go guys there's a look at plunder or the
spoiler yes he's a big lavender bunny
rabbit he's weird
hand he's awesome I don't care what you
guys say
and I can't even pretend that I don't
love this figure because I do I told you
I'm a sucker for random characters like
this and let's face it this is a really
well sculpted and well made action
figure I am proud to add this guy to my
Masters of the Universe collection I
mean look how cool he looks sitting in
the DC Universe Classics Metron chair
man he needs his own throne and seeing
how big the Filmation representation is
getting in classics is a pretty awesome
sight plunder may have been goofy but
he's quite the memorable character and
in my opinion he makes a great addition
to the classic slime
plunder is part of the twenty thirteen
Club Eternia subscription and will be
available on Maddy collector comm
December 16 2013 until next time